c:\users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\bin\Debug\ShowMeTheDiff.dll
c:\users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\bin\Debug\ShowMeTheDiff.pkgdef
c:\users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\bin\Debug\ShowMeTheDiff.vsix
c:\users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\bin\Debug\extension.vsixmanifest
c:\users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\bin\Debug\EnvDTE.dll
c:\users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\bin\Debug\EnvDTE100.dll
c:\users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\bin\Debug\EnvDTE80.dll
c:\users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\bin\Debug\EnvDTE90.dll
c:\users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.CommandBars.dll
c:\users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Imaging.dll
c:\users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.OLE.Interop.dll
c:\users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Shell.14.0.dll
c:\users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Shell.Immutable.10.0.dll
c:\users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Shell.Immutable.11.0.dll
c:\users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Shell.Immutable.12.0.dll
c:\users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Shell.Immutable.14.0.dll
c:\users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Shell.Interop.8.0.dll
c:\users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Shell.Interop.9.0.dll
c:\users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Shell.Interop.dll
c:\users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TextManager.Interop.8.0.dll
c:\users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TextManager.Interop.dll
c:\users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Threading.dll
c:\users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Utilities.dll
c:\users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Validation.dll
c:\users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\bin\Debug\stdole.dll
c:\users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\bin\Debug\EnvDTE90a.dll
c:\users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.VSHelp.dll
c:\users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.ProjectAggregator.dll
c:\users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.ComponentModelHost.dll
c:\users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.ImageCatalog.dll
c:\users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.GraphModel.dll
c:\users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.CoreUtility.dll
c:\users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\bin\Debug\Microsoft.MSXML.dll
c:\users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Imaging.xml
c:\users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.OLE.Interop.xml
c:\users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Shell.14.0.xml
c:\users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Shell.Immutable.10.0.xml
c:\users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Shell.Immutable.11.0.xml
c:\users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Shell.Immutable.12.0.xml
c:\users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Shell.Immutable.14.0.xml
c:\users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Shell.Interop.xml
c:\users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Shell.Interop.8.0.xml
c:\users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Shell.Interop.9.0.xml
c:\users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TextManager.Interop.xml
c:\users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TextManager.Interop.8.0.xml
c:\users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Threading.xml
c:\users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Utilities.xml
c:\users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Validation.xml
c:\users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.ProjectAggregator.xml
c:\users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.ImageCatalog.xml
c:\users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.CoreUtility.xml
c:\users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\obj\Debug\ShowMeTheDiff.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\obj\Debug\VSPackage.resources
c:\users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\obj\Debug\ShowMeTheDiff.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\obj\Debug\ShowMeTheDiffPackage.cto
c:\users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\obj\Debug\VSCT.read.1.tlog
c:\users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\obj\Debug\VSCT.write.1.tlog
c:\users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\obj\Debug\CtoResourceMerger.cache
c:\users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\obj\Debug\VSPackage.resources.original
c:\users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\obj\Debug\ShowMeTheDiff.dll
c:\users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\obj\Debug\ShowMeTheDiff.pdb
c:\users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\obj\Debug\ShowMeTheDiff.pkgdef
c:\users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\obj\Debug\ShowMeTheDiff.latest.pkgdef
c:\users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\obj\Debug\extension.vsixmanifest
C:\Users\g12n1260\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Editor.dll
C:\Users\g12n1260\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Text.Data.dll
C:\Users\g12n1260\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Text.Logic.dll
C:\Users\g12n1260\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Text.UI.dll
C:\Users\g12n1260\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Text.UI.Wpf.dll
C:\Users\g12n1260\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Editor.xml
C:\Users\g12n1260\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Text.Data.xml
C:\Users\g12n1260\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Text.Logic.xml
C:\Users\g12n1260\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Text.UI.xml
C:\Users\g12n1260\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Text.UI.Wpf.xml
C:\Users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Language.Intellisense.dll
C:\Users\g12n1260\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShowMeTheDiff\ShowMeTheDiff\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Language.Intellisense.xml
